hello it's Ruby and today I'm just going
to be showing you another really quick
study with me so this is me studying
after school one day this was last week
and I was just doing some chemistry work
so I got home from school at 6:00 this
evening the kids I'd had an extra
chemistry lesson as I have after school
every Monday night so I just decided to
print off this chemistry paper and I
actually used website to make the paper
myself using past exam questions I will
leave a link down below and I'm also
planning on filming a video with the
best chemistry resources online so I
will make sure to feature it there as
well and then after that I just did this
other chemistry paper which is one that
I made myself and these are questions
that I've got wrong on past exam papers
so I just went through and checked to
see whether I knew it now but that's all
of the work that I got to show you but I
hope that you enjoyed this video and
have a productive week